Docs: remove more mentions of the old action (#13171)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/pull-requests.rst

   The previous method of pull request previews using a GitHub workflow that called `@readthedocs/actions <https://github.com/readthedocs/actions/>`__ is now deprecated.
   If you used that method, you should remove its configuration.

Build overview
--------------

You can enable a build overview comment to be added to your pull requests when changes are detected between the pull request and the latest version of the documentation.
This comment includes a list of the files that changed, and links to view the built documentation.

> See :ref:`visual-diff:Show build overview in pull requests` for more information.

Reviewer: We've been removing the pattern of "See X for more information". We've settled into the pattern of giving more context about why the link is useful (not just "more information"):

```suggestion

.. seealso::
    :ref:`visual-diff:Show build overview in pull requests`
        How to configure your project to enable build overviews
```
